there was only one ship one
are you sure yes they called it pillar
of water I would have not destroyed with
the rest of their feet you flip as we
set fire to that
but I followed with all the ships in my
command
when you first saw halo will you blind
it by its majesty blinded paralyzed
dumbstruck know yet the humans were able
to evade your ships land on the secret
dream and desecrate it with their filthy
footsteps noble hierarchs surely you
understand that once the parasitic ain't
there will be order in this council you
were right to focus your attention on
but this team this Master Chief by the
time I learned the demons it did there
was nothing I could do
you
the truth is has gone on long enough
make an example of this bundler the
council demands it you are one of our
most treasured in streets long have you
led your fleet with honor and
distinction but your inability to
safeguard halo was a colossal failure me
it was Harrison
I will continue my campaign against the
humans no you will not Oh soon the great
journey shall begin
but when he does the weight of your
heresy will stay your feet and you shall
be left behind
the plating was about to fail there's
viscosity throughout the gel layer
optics totally fried and let's not even
talk about the power supply you know how
expensive this gear his son tell that to
the Covenant I guess it was all obsolete
anyway your new suits the Merc six just
came up from song them this morning try
and take it easy until you get used to
the upgrades okay let's test your
targeting first thing please look at the
top life good now look at the bottom
line all right look at the top light
again that's it now the bottom one okay
everything checks out stand by I'm gonna
offline the inhibitors move around a
little get a feel for it when you're
ready come meet me about his effort they
take it easy
ah
pay attention because I'm only going
over this once this station will test
your recharging energy shields your new
armor shields are extremely resilient
very efficient pick and go as you can
see they recharge a lot faster
if your shields go down find some cover
wait for the meter to read fully charged
that he can hide behind me you're done
with my boy here master guns I don't see
any training wheels his armors working
fine Johnson you're free to go son just
remember take things slow don't worry
I'll hold his hand so Johnson when you
gonna tell me how you made it back home
in one piece sorry guns it's classified
huh my ass well you can forget about
those adjustments to your aid to scope
well he's in a particularly fine mood
maybe Lord Howe didn't give him anything
earth haven't seen it in years
when i shipped out for basic the orbital
Defense Grid was all theory and politics
now look the chiro is just one of 300
geosync platforms that Mac gun can put
around clean through a covenant capital
ship
coordinated fire from the Athens and the
Malta nothing's getting past this battle
cluster in one piece
chef's been arriving all morning
nobody's saying much but I'll they
something bigs about to happen
you